Template: airtime/apache-setup
Type: select
Choices: dedicated v-host, no thanks
Choices-de.UTF-8: v-host einrichten, nein danke
Default: system-wide (all vhosts)
Description: Create apache2 config:
 This setup script can perform apache web-server configuration
 so that you can connect to airtime directly after this installation.
 .
 Production systems should choose "dedicated v-host". This option
 will ask for a Server host-name (FQDN) and will create a minimal apache
 vhost configuration that you can adapt.
 .
 "no, thanks": no problem. You're welcome to set it up however you like.
 Note that the files in /etc/airtime/ may come in handy doing so.
Description-de.UTF-8: Erzeugen einer apache2 konfiuration:
 .

Template: airtime/apache-deldefault
Type: select
Choices: remove default, no change
Default: no change
Description: remove 000-default apache config
 By default the apache webserver comes with configuration
 to send all v-hosts to /var/www.
 .
 This option will invoke `sudo a2dissite default`
 .
 and is recommended when using airtime as vhost.

Template: airtime/apache-servername
Type: string
Default: localhost
Description: FQDN - apache-vhost ServerName:
 Enter the main hostname of the web server. 
 The DNS of this name must resolve to the apache server running on this
 machine.
 .
 e.g. "example.com" or "www.example.com" (without the quotes)
 .
 You can customize /etc/apache2/sites-enabled/airtime.vhost afterward
 and add ServerAliases and further custom configuration.
 .
 more info soon..

Template: airtime/apache-serveradmin
Type: string
Default: root@localhost
Description: Email of the vhost-admin - ServerAdmin:
 required for dedicated vhost-setup.

Template: airtime/icecast-setup
Type: boolean
Default: false
Description: Setup Icecast2 - Enable Live HTTP Streaming?
 This option enables icecast2 on this server, and configures 
 passwords for both the icecast server and airtime.
 .
 Note: these settings are here for convenience only.
 Strictly speaking they should be done during icecast
 installation - not airtime installation.
 .
 PS. If you have already manually tweaked icecast configuration
 it may not work as expected.

Template: airtime/icecast-sourcepw
Type: string
Default: hackme
Description: Icecast2 Source Password:
 Specify a password to send A/V sources to icecast

Template: airtime/icecast-relaypw
Type: string
Default: hackme
Description: Icecast2 Relay Password:
 Specify a password for stream relay access.
 This is not needed by airtime, however you should
 change it from the default to lock down your system.

Template: airtime/icecast-adminpw
Type: string
Default: hackme
Description: Icecast2 Admin Password:
 Specify the admin password. 
 You can access icecast2's admin interface via
 http://localhost:8000/ - and both monitor connection as
 well as block users.

Template: airtime/monit-setup
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Set up monit?
 Enable the monit daemon and set it up for Airtime.
 Airtime can use monit to notify you if something isn't 
 working correctly.
